What? Too expensive. If you can't afford it, just get out of the way.
come over. I only have 90 million in my card now.
See how much more you want. I don't have much left.
Don’t you have 20 million? If you buy another house, it belongs to you.
But today I must kill the dog in my life to take away your prestige.
All right. Say both cards together.
I want to book this house.
It doesn't matter. Since Mr. Zhou likes it.
Then we will give it to Mr. Zhou.
I'm just afraid that if the money is not enough then,
Can't afford it. That would be embarrassing for the doctor.
There are some people. If you can't afford it, you can't afford it.
It's not disgusting for me
That's right. I don't even have any money.
How dare you compete with our Mr. Zhou?
Do you know who our Mr. Zhou is going to see the day after tomorrow?
Say it and scare you to death
Mr. Zhou will take me to see Mr. Shen of the review group.
I don’t know. Please tell me to help us.
Dad, sorry sir
Swipe both cards together
Just use two cards at the same time
Another card for ninety-five yuan
Maybe I was in a hurry to go out and took the wrong card.
I don’t know who is pretending
I can't afford to do this again
As if you can spare some money